= Multi Time Tracker


== Installation
1. To install this plugin just clone it in your redmine's plugins folder 
2. Run 'rake redmine:plugins:migrate'
3. Restart your webserver


== Prerequisites
* Installation process must be done
* There must be any project with the 'Time tracking' module enabled


== Usage
=== Adding an issue to the table
In each issues description box a new link 'Add to multi time tracker' is added. By clicking this link, you add that issue
to the issue table once. You will be redirected to that table. You can add the same issue multiple times so you can follow 
multiple tasks on the same issue.

=== Using the issue table
At the top left menu a new link 'Multi Time Tracker' appeared. This link leads to the time tracker table.
There you can check in and check out issues and export them to the redmine time management.
Checking in and out means, that from the moment of checking in a row will start time measurement for this row and checking out 
means stopping the measurement
If you delete a row of the issue table, this row will be checked out and exported first, so if you made a mistake,
first check out of that issue (if neccessary) and change the spent time of that row to zero. Finally you can delete it
without exporting anything to the redmine time management.
Checking in a row will check out the current active row first (so there can be only one active row per user at a time).

== What comes next
Currently I'm working on ajax support for updating the comment or activity of a row as well as cloning an issue instead of 
navigation back to an already added issue and add it again to have it multiple times in the table.
With that stuff there will be an improved view, too, with issue grouping and the possibility to order the rows of the table.

== License
This plugin is published under the GPLv2.
